you
today we met up with fellow anglers Joe
Harris Stewart's caught some giant carp
in the past but he is a lover of all
species and it's one of the smallest
where after this morning you may think
I'm absolutely bonkers but today I come
to the mystery gudgeon River in the
heart of Hampshire and today we're going
fishing
yeah first one of the day it's just a
small one there some donkeys in this
wimp but always nice to pitch the target
species and first fish to and that
really slap water just in front of me
literally just the rod lamp outside yeah
you have to pitch it oh then that's fine
soon Carl had another bite but this time
it wasn't a gudgeon but in other species
that fries in this river a roach you may
have noticed
carlins deer are using very contrasting
tackle of course they both catch fish is
just a matter of personal preference
in fact stew actually makes most of his
own floats
they just put this lovely little perch
I've been legend on the bottom for about
20 minutes and cut the strip shops just
feeling provides you get anything so
I'll just walk to this little quill tiny
little float just danced around in the
eddy zipped underneath we just got this
beautiful perch just a bit slaps so your
tack was all very traditional what you
got for lunch but this is a love a
tradition of mine these are strawberry
creams they like custard creams bit
strawberry or disappointingly that's
felt a bit of a biscuit break and open
your eyes to something special
I was expecting it to be more customers
walk a strawberry you're Daria's I can't
go back on the river to the all gone
of course all sorts of species from this
river roach - chub there's lots of
different species of living but the
gudgeon are the best ones for me I love
catching gudgeon or some really big
bunch in this river otter two and half
ounces
you can catch them at all any time of
year catching from all over river as
well no two spots fish the same I'm too
taking a bow and they just look amazing
well just call this lovely days and Carl
was fishing and getting some bites down
along this little glide just on the edge
of a little slack so I decided to go
ahead ahead of him with La float and do
a bit of poaching push the back end of
the swing open pedal and the poaching
paid off yeah the float buried and I
caught this lovely fat dice
I'm going to remember that black spot
between these eyes actually to probably
recognize that fish available yeah
splendid little fish not gutting no nice
location so yeah we're going to go and
put it back now so till we get that
gadget
for the last hour of the day Carlos you
decided to walk back up to the swimwear
we started by the bridge in hope of one
last gudgeon of all the end of the day
now they might not be big they might not
pull your arm off when they fight but
catching one of these certainly keeps me
occupied it's been a lovely lovely day
by the river which - anyway see you soon
hopefully see one finger one of these